Project Overview
I would be using PartyRock to develop a 'Daily Task Scheduler Application' aimed at enhancing our productivity and organization. For those not familiar with PartyRock, it's a new platform offered by AWS designed to simplify app development through the use of generative AI.

Steps to be performed
Generating the daily task scheduler application
Changes in existing widgets
Adding new widgets
Publishing your app

Services Used
AWS PartyRock: A fun playground offered by AWS to build applications with generative AI. It helps you make your own apps with AI

Steps

Getting Started
Visit the website : https://partyrock.aws/
Create your first application by clicking on ‘Build your own app’.
Describe what you would like the app to do. Let’s go for something fun here!
Click on Generate app, get some snacks and let PartyRock do the work for you!
We just created an application without any coding pre-requisites, using prompt engineering
We can also remix applications created by others to have a copy and change it according to our preference by clicking on the ‘Remix’ button present on the top right of the application page.

Generate daily task scheduler appliation
Navigate to AWS PartyRock : https://partyrock.aws/
Click on ‘Build your own app’ and enter an appropriate prompt.
Click on ‘Generate App’ and wait for PartyRock to do the work for you!
PartyRock generated an application which takes tasks to be done as an input, gives the schedule according to priorities, and even provides a chatbot to refine your schedule!

Modify existling widgets
You can resize the blocks present by clicking and dragging the bottom right corner of the block for organizing them
You can edit your widget by clicking on the Edit option in the top right corner.
The ‘prompt’ section from Edit Schedule tab is used to provide prompt to the model on which the output is generated. We can reference a widget using @widget_name in the prompt

Add new widgets
Click on ‘Add Widget’ on the top left of your screen to add a widget. Choose an user input widget.
You can change the name and placeholder of your widget.
Now let’s give this widget as an input for preparation of schedule. We can change the prompt to enter the time required for each task.
Click on Save and check your new schedule.
Add a motivation quote widget to generate a motivational quote and a photo generator to generate a motivational image and get you kickstarted with your day

Publish application
Click on ‘Make public and share button’ present on the top right corner of the website.
Anyone with this link can see, use or remix your application.
Here is my daily task scheduler application: https://partyrock.aws/u/shola187/T03gGGBSB/Daily-Task-Scheduler-Generator



